Implement various wiki changes for `4.1` release (#4659)
foundryvtt/dnd5e: wiki/Compendium-Browser.md

![Compendium Browser - Class Selection](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/foundryvtt/dnd5e/publish-wiki/wiki/images/compendium-browser/class-selection.jpg)

## Source Configuration

> GMs have the option for modify what sources appear in the compendium browser, customizing which specific compendiums are offered by different modules. These options using the "Configure Sources" button in the system settings or the gear on the top right of the compendium browser itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GMs have the option to modify what sources appear in the compendium browser, customizing which specific compendiums are offered by different modules. These options are available using the "Configure Sources" button in the system settings or the gear on the top right of the compendium browser itself.
```
